How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    I see there is adifferent color or a +/- before the line
    that has a problem which gives me grasp on what I have
    typed wrong.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    because I can know all the changes that I have commited 
    that made it what I have at the moment. here I will understand what i wanted to do or what I was thinking kind of at each version

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    I can choose whether or not to save what I have changed it the file so I don't get a large change or too small one per one because every change has a logical purpose that I added to the file/proj ,but If something goes wrong I have done many changes and forget to save at safe bases this will make it really difficult to understand what gone wrong(if something gone wrong) or the PC froze/shutdown then I have lost alot of changes. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

   because it might be related to each other ,so it is useful to treat them as one commit

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log : to get all commits done to repository 
    git diff [commit1] [commit2] -- path : to find the different/changes happened from the commit1 to the commit2.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    because I can revert to the previous change whenever I see a problem in the current version

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I will use it in code mostly on projects for collage and work --hopfully-- and I guess it will be really helpful in work and it will be really useful in teams work - to know who screwed up -
